Uh-huh.
How about the realistic hit I just called
cow
Okay, your partner said it
It's your turn.
We don't know anything.
Just for the money
Just get a girl in the car
The guy gave us 5,000 bucks
5,000 bucks.
You do this kind of thing
Do you know the girl you cheated on?
How pitiful it is now
I have no money, I can't even afford to eat
We are both being blackmailed by your organizations
When asked
Who has ever felt sorry for us?
Sure enough
Some people are secretly targeting the girls in the park
Their words match
But they're just two little guys who see money
It doesn't work at all.
After this
That car should never show up again
The clue is broken
Why were you there?
I've been squatting for several nights in a row
You thought it was an accident
If I hadn't arranged the bait
You have to continue to be stupid
Just squat there for a few more days
I just don't want my people to take risks
If the riding music was brought into the car at that time
What should I do if the car runs away?
You chase with two legs, you and me